TreeView: add the "getting started" article (#2591)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/TreeView/00 Getting Started with TreeView/60 Enable Node Drag & Drop.md

> Drag & Drop allows users to reorder nodes and change their hierarchy. For details, refer to the [Drag & Drop for Plain Data Structure](https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/TreeView/DragAndDropPlainDataStructure/) demo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Drag & drop allows users to reorder nodes and change their hierarchy. This functionality is not used in this tutorial. For information about it, refer to the following demos: [Drag & Drop for Plain Data Structure](https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/TreeView/DragAndDropPlainDataStructure/) and [Drag & Drop for Hierarchical Data Structure](https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/TreeView/DragAndDropHierarchicalDataStructure/).
```

> Users can drag and drop nodes to rearrange them and change the data hierarchy. This functionality is not used in this tutorial. For details, refer to the following demos: [Drag & Drop for Plain Data Structure](https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/TreeView/DragAndDropPlainDataStructure/) and [Drag & Drop for Hierarchical Data Structure](https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/TreeView/DragAndDropHierarchicalDataStructure/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Users can drag and drop nodes to rearrange them and change the data hierarchy. This functionality is not used in this tutorial. For more information, refer to the following demos: [Drag & Drop for Plain Data Structure](https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/TreeView/DragAndDropPlainDataStructure/) and [Drag & Drop for Hierarchical Data Structure](https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/TreeView/DragAndDropHierarchicalDataStructure/).
```

> Drag & drop allows users to reorder nodes and change their hierarchy. This functionality is not used in this tutorial. For information about it, refer to the following demos: [Drag & Drop for Plain Data Structure](https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/TreeView/DragAndDropPlainDataStructure/) and [Drag & Drop for Hierarchical Data Structure](https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/TreeView/DragAndDropHierarchicalDataStructure/).

Reviewer 3: Unfortunately, I don't understand the role of this paragraph in the tutorial. However, the paragraph has a lot of issues.

> **Drag & drop allows users** to reorder nodes and change their hierarchy.

While you probably can say this, however, this does sound strange. Why don't you say something like this instead?

> Users can drag and drop nodes to rearrange them and change the data hierarchy.

Second. The pronoun "it" tricked you again:

> This functionality is not used in **this tutorial**. For information about **it**, refer to the following demos:

I believe that you originally meant "this functionality" instead of "this tutorial".
